Docs: Clarify usage of queueName in addJob() (#467)
graphile/worker: website/docs/library/add-job.md

:::

:::note

The `addJob()` JavaScript method simply defers to the underlying [`addJob`](../sql-add-job.md) SQL 
function.

:::

The `addJob` arguments are as follows:

- `identifier`: the name of the task to be executed
- `payload`: an optional JSON-compatible object to give the task more context on
  what it is doing, or a list of these objects in &ldquo;batch job&rdquo; mode
- `options`: an optional object specifying:

>   - `queueName`: if you want certain tasks to run one at a time, add them to the same named queue (defaults to null)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `queueName`: if you want certain jobs to run one at a time, add them to the
    same named queue (defaults to null which enables parallelization)
```

:::

:::note

> The `addJob()` JavaScript method simply defers to the underlying [`addJob`](../sql-add-job.md) SQL 
> function.

Reviewer: Linting

```suggestion
The `addJob()` JavaScript method simply defers to the underlying
[`addJob`](../sql-add-job.md) SQL function.
```
